still not quite dark life's just
beginning to take control of things well
venture
it was early to post is tele behind the
gate it's giving the stills handler a
real handful tomatoes in amazing kids
drawn down in one with a still handler
decent man into his editor walking up
now I'll jump out of gate number six
simple cat your next team in five final
venture about to come up
it could be just about it signal given
is said they're racing in the alghars
amazing kidney the inside one of the
first away that easy and man came out
quickly backer and Lamar toe out wide
jump with them but not showing the speed
of the leaders in the early part with
final venture birds the front from but
easiest man to jail the right man jungle
cat Richards boy the gray coming out the
outside being tagged by Lovato backer
Aras the widest runner amazing kids
going in behind the face with Finsbury
square then Washington DC as long a
venue had dropped out to the team of the
fielders a gel has taken the lead
they're off the course proper 500 meters
left to go there's a gel for Bridget
Boyd final venture on the far side since
the right man the hot lead under
pressure
backer iris deep around junglecatz under
pressure where the gel is from 300
meters left to go tackled by the right
man Griffiths boys look around baby
running on the right band got through
the right man hits the lead after to go
long
is sweeping down the outside the right
man in front patio the right man and
long on venue one for the judge of
thriller in the algaas her to jail sir
jungle cat force and Richard boy amazing
kids final venture Washington DC
Vinicius man and Lamott Oh a long break
De Backer ass and last of all is pin
free square who has pulled up quickly
over the line wait for it